# CS350
# Summarize the project and what problem was it solving.
  The project entailed a soulderless breadboard connected to a Raspberry Pi through a USB to TTL Serial Adapter. The goal of the project was to get the display that was connected to the breadboard to read the temperature and engage with the LED lights based on the set temperature and the temperature that was changed via button-click. As the temperature was set to cool and the temperature that was changed was above or below the set temperature, the blue LED pin was to change to either pulsing or solid. This was the same for the red LED pin on the heat setting. 
# What did you do particularly well?
  Overall, I believe I implemented the code to control the button and pins very well as this was this was the most important aspect of the project. Making sure I followed correct coding practices and functions as well as comments in the script to help me follow what actions were happening. Reading and understanding the requirements of the project also ensured that I succeeded in finishing it succesfully. 
# Where could you improve?
  In terms of improvement, there is always room for it. Keeping in mind better syntax of my code and keeping error free is especially difficult for me to do the first time through the script. I believe I could improve and have less errors over time, then I would not have to go over the script and search for errors as much. 
# What tools and/or resources are you adding to your support network?
  Tools I will be adding to my support network are skills that I have learned from this class such as better developing skills, time-management, and new connections through peers when I was having trouble on an assingment. 
# What skills from this project will be transferable to other projects and course work?
  Overall, all skills from this project will be transferable. Time-management, peer connection/discussions, development advancements, and learning how to use a breadboard are all useful because most of these skills will be used in a future career and more projects to come. In general, just learning how to use a breadboard and cable pins with LED pins was something I had never done before and I was unsure about how successful I would be in this course because of this. However, just taking the time to learn how it worked and how the connections were made, I was able to succeed. There will always be a new project or work in the future that I could be unsure of, but knowing I completed this one gives me more confidence for the future. 
# How did you make this project readable, maintainable, and adaptable?
  To make this project maintainable, readable, and adaptable I kept my code clear and error free, included in-code commenting and followed industry best standard of code. I also tested my script multiple times throughout the project to make sure it was working correctly. 
